//Clearings
Start
You (NAME) just woke up in a dark place. You do not have any idea where you are. You must find your way out alive. On your journey, you may run into obstacles you have never imagined before. Choose a direction to proceed further.
1.	GO RIGHT/ GO EAST: 
1.1.	“There is a shed in the middle of nowhere. It seems like someone could be living there but it is dark and scary. What do you want to do?”

-	GO INTO THE SHED/ GO IN SHED: “You cannot go into the shed”
-	GO RIGHT FROM THE SHED/ GO EAST: “There is a dungeon. You may not get alive from there. Think wisely what to do.”
-	GO LEFT FROM THE SHED/ GO WEST: “There is a clearing leading to the high, cold mountains which are hiding unexpected secrets.” 


2.	GO LEFT/ GO WEST:
2.1.	“There is a massive tree nearby and nothing else in radius of 10 miles. If you chose to run to the right you will reach a swamp with ruins, and if you chose to fly left you will appear in the cloudland.”
-	FLY (TO) LEFT/ FLY (TO) WEST: “You are now in the cloudland….”
-	RUN (TO) RIGHT/ RUN (TO) EAST: “That exhausted you but you reached successfully the swamp…”


From cloud land: “There is nothing here. You have to proceed further so that you can finish the game.”
1.	PROCEED FURTHER/ PROCEED: “…”

“There is huge tree with a house on it. In the house are living fairies. They have a pond in which you have to swim if you want the fairies to let you pass.”

1.	CLIMB TREE: “You climbed the tree you need to enter the fairies house.”
-	ENTER HOUSE: “You are in the house but the fairies want to play a game with you before they let you pass. You can choose between paper, rock and scissors or roll a dice.” 
Fairies: “You are in our territory. We control the paths to this land. We will only let you pass if you play a game with us. We can play paper, rock and scissors or roll a dice.”



//Swamp(Thorns)
    Swamp entrance

As you enter the muddy swamp you notice that it is very large, it seems going around a mountain of some sorts and it stretches further 
to the North and to the West, more than you would’ve hoped it to. About 100 meters further from the entrance there is a Temple in 
ruins, it seems very old, like no one has entered it for thousands of years, you’re not sure if you should go in there, maybe you’re 
disturbing a sacred place. About  50 meters to the right of the Temple there is a bush of thorny, green vines that have grown on them
some beautiful pink flowers, they’re like nothing you’ve ever seen before, you feel like you have to hold at least one in your hands.

-Investigate ruined Temple. <Ruined Temple>
-Investigate Flowers. <Thorny vines>
-Go further north through the muddy swamp. <North-East swamp>
-Go further west through the muddy swamp. <South-West swamp>


    Ruined Temple

	As you make the first step inside the temple you feel a chill go down your spine, you can hear pebbles falling down from the giant 
  roof made of stone, you smell the old dust that’s been gathering there for a very long time. The walls have a lot of cracks in them 
  and the light passes through barely so you can see where you’re stepping, the only thing you know so far is that you’re in a great 
  hall that seems made for giants, and the only thing you can see clearly is the light coming from the door you left behind you slowly 
  fading away. You got to a giant opening where in the middle is a giant statue and a lot of fallen pillars, you’re wondering how is 
  it that the whole thing didn’t collapse already with so few pillars sustaining the giant roof. As you look around the statue you 
  observe some kind of lines and circles on the ground, the lines are connecting the circles to the statue, and inside the circles 
  are some kind of golden plates.

-Investigate Statue. <Ruined Temple/ Statue>
-Check the strange drawings on the floor that connect the statue with the golden plates. <Ruined Temple/ Drawings>
-Investigate the golden plates, hopefully they are indeed made of gold and you can get some money. <Ruined Temple/ Golden Plates>
-Keep roaming around, maybe there’s something you’re not seeing, or maybe there isn’t, but you can’t be sure, can you? 
<Ruined Temple/ Opening>


	  Ruined Temple – Statue

	As you approach the statue you start to feel a warmth, like the sun is shining upon your skin, which seems a little strange since 
  you’re wearing clothes and it feels like the sun is warming you everywhere, and I mean everywhere, apart from the fact that you are 
  in a dark room, inside a temple, made of stone and there is no sunlight… Even though you feel like you’re going crazy you make it to 
  the statue and put your hand on it’s pedestal, as your hand touches the pedestal you feel bombarded with sunlight,  and the grass 
  tickling your bare feet, you find yourself naked in that strange place, with your hand on the bark of a tree. You close your eyes and 
  take your hand off of the tree, as you open them you notice that you are back in the temple, but now there is a giant ball of fire 
  right above the statue’s head that lights the whole room. You take some steps back and look at the statue, which seems to be praising 
  the sun, standing tall on two feet, with it’s both arms raised at a 45 degree angle of it’s head, with a giant ball of fire between 
  it’s arms and right above it’s head.

-Touch the statue again. <Ruined Temple/ Solaire’s Statue>
-Check the strange drawings on the floor that connect the statue with the golden plates. <Ruined Temple/ Drawings>
-Investigate the golden plates, hopefully they are indeed made of gold and you can get some money. <Ruined Temple/ Golden Plates>
-Keep roaming around, maybe there’s something you’re not seeing, or maybe there isn’t, but you can’t be sure, can you? 
<Ruined Temple/ Opening>


	  Ruined Temple – Solaire’s Statue

	This time when you approach the pedestal you don’t feel that warming light all over your body, just a little coming from the giant 
  ball of fire above, but nevertheless, you put your hand on it and find yourself back to that field.

//Mountain

//Dungeon

//Cloud-land
